examples/vllm-neuronx-rayserve/meta-llama3-8b-vllm/README.md, before:

# Ray Serve Meta Llama3 8B Instruct Model using vLLM on Neuronx

This example illustrates how to use [Ray Serve](../../../charts/machine-learning/training/rayserve/) Helm chart to serve [meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct) model using [vLLM](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm) on [AWS Neuron](https://awsdocs-neuron.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/index.html) with [transformers-neuronx](https://github.com/aws-neuron/transformers-neuronx).

Before proceeding, complete the [Prerequisites](../../../README.md#prerequisites) and [Getting started](../../../README.md#getting-started). See [What is in the YAML file](../../../README.md#what-is-in-the-yaml-file) to understand the common fields in the Helm values files. There are some fields that are specific to a machine learning chart.

## Build and Push Docker Container

This example uses a custom Docker container for Ray Serve. Build and push this container using following command (replace `aws-region` with your AWS Region name):

     cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
     ./containers/ray-pytorch-neuronx-vllm/build_tools/build_and_push.sh aws-region


## Hugging Face Llama3 8B Instruct Pre-trained Model Weights

To download Hugging Face Llama3 8B Instruct pre-trained model weights, replace `YourHuggingFaceToken` with your Hugging Face token below, and execute:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx      \
            charts/machine-learning/model-prep/hf-snapshot    \
            --set-json='env=[{"name":"HF_MODEL_ID","value":"meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct"},{"name":"HF_TOKEN","value":"YourHuggingFaceToken"}]' \
            -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Uninstall the Helm chart at completion:

    helm uninstall rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  -n kubeflow-user-example-com

## Build Ray Serve Engine Config

To build Ray Serve engine config:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx      \
            charts/machine-learning/data-prep/data-process   \
            -f examples/vllm-neuronx-rayserve/meta-llama3-8b-vllm/engine_config.yaml \
            --set 'image=public.ecr.aws/docker/library/python:slim-bullseye' \
            -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Uninstall the Helm chart at completion:

    helm uninstall rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  -n kubeflow-user-example-com


## Build Ray Serve Engine

To build Ray Serve engine:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx      \
            charts/machine-learning/model-prep/rayserve-vllm-neuronx-asyncllmengine    \
            --set='engine_path=/fsx/rayserve/engines/vllm_neuronx_asyncllmengine.zip' \
            -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Uninstall the Helm chart at completion:

    helm uninstall rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  -n kubeflow-user-example-com

## Launch Ray Service

To launch Ray Service,  execute:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  \
        charts/machine-learning/serving/rayserve \
        -f examples/vllm-neuronx-rayserve/meta-llama3-8b-vllm/rayservice.yaml -n kubeflow-user-example-com

## Stop Service

To stop the service:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm uninstall rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Commit message:

use neuron-scheduler with rayserve

examples/vllm-neuronx-rayserve/meta-llama3-8b-vllm/README.md, after:

# Ray Serve Meta Llama3 8B Instruct Model using vLLM on Neuronx

This example illustrates how to use [Ray Serve](../../../charts/machine-learning/training/rayserve/) Helm chart to serve [meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct) model using [vLLM](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm) on [AWS Neuron](https://awsdocs-neuron.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/index.html) with [transformers-neuronx](https://github.com/aws-neuron/transformers-neuronx).

Before proceeding, complete the [Prerequisites](../../../README.md#prerequisites) and [Getting started](../../../README.md#getting-started). See [What is in the YAML file](../../../README.md#what-is-in-the-yaml-file) to understand the common fields in the Helm values files. There are some fields that are specific to a machine learning chart.

## Install Neuron Scheduler

We need to install the Neuron scheduler so that contiguous Neuron cores are assigned to the Pods. To install Neuron scheduler (you only need to do this once):

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug neuron-scheduler charts/neuron-scheduler

## Build and Push Docker Container

This example uses a custom Docker container for Ray Serve. Build and push this container using following command (replace `aws-region` with your AWS Region name):

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    ./containers/ray-pytorch-neuronx-vllm/build_tools/build_and_push.sh aws-region


## Hugging Face Llama3 8B Instruct Pre-trained Model Weights

To download Hugging Face Llama3 8B Instruct pre-trained model weights, replace `YourHuggingFaceToken` with your Hugging Face token below, and execute:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx      \
            charts/machine-learning/model-prep/hf-snapshot    \
            --set-json='env=[{"name":"HF_MODEL_ID","value":"meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct"},{"name":"HF_TOKEN","value":"YourHuggingFaceToken"}]' \
            -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Uninstall the Helm chart at completion:

    helm uninstall rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  -n kubeflow-user-example-com

## Build Ray Serve Engine Config

To build Ray Serve engine config:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx      \
            charts/machine-learning/data-prep/data-process   \
            -f examples/vllm-neuronx-rayserve/meta-llama3-8b-vllm/engine_config.yaml \
            --set 'image=public.ecr.aws/docker/library/python:slim-bullseye' \
            -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Uninstall the Helm chart at completion:

    helm uninstall rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  -n kubeflow-user-example-com


## Build Ray Serve Engine

To build Ray Serve engine:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx      \
            charts/machine-learning/model-prep/rayserve-vllm-neuronx-asyncllmengine    \
            --set='engine_path=/fsx/rayserve/engines/vllm_neuronx_asyncllmengine.zip' \
            -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Uninstall the Helm chart at completion:

    helm uninstall rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  -n kubeflow-user-example-com

## Launch Ray Service

To launch Ray Service,  execute:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  \
        charts/machine-learning/serving/rayserve \
        -f examples/vllm-neuronx-rayserve/meta-llama3-8b-vllm/rayservice.yaml -n kubeflow-user-example-com

## Stop Service

To stop the service:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm uninstall rayserve-llama3-8b-instruct-vllm-nx  -n kubeflow-user-example-com
