examples/triton-server/mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx/README.md, before:

# Serve Mistral 7B Instruct v0.1 using Triton Inference Server on AWS Neuron

This example shows how to serve [Mistral 7B Instruct V0.1 ](https://huggingface.co/mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.1) model using [Triton Inference Server](https://github.com/triton-inference-server) on [AWS Neuron](https://awsdocs-neuron.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/index.html) with [transformers-neuronx](https://github.com/aws-neuron/transformers-neuronx).

## Prerequisites

Before proceeding, complete the [Prerequisites](../../../README.md#prerequisites) and [Getting started](../../../README.md#getting-started). 

See [What is in the YAML file](../../../README.md#what-is-in-the-yaml-file) to understand the common fields in the Helm values files. There are some fields that are specific to a machine learning chart.

## Build and Push Docker Container

This example uses a custom Docker container for Tritonserver Neuronx. Build and push this container using following command (replace `aws-region` with your AWS Region name):

     cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
     ./containers/tritonserver-neuronx/build_tools/build_and_push.sh aws-region

## Hugging Face Mistral 7B Instruct v0.1 pre-trained model weights

To download Hugging Face Mistral 7B Instruct v0.1 pre-trained model weights, replace `YourHuggingFaceToken` with your Hugging Face token below, and execute:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx     \
        charts/machine-learning/model-prep/hf-snapshot    \
        --set-json='env=[{"name":"HF_MODEL_ID","value":"mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.1"},{"name":"HF_TOKEN","value":"YourHuggingFaceToken"}]' \
        -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Uninstall the Helm chart at completion:

    helm uninstall triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx -n kubeflow-user-example-com


## Launch Triton Server

To launch Triton server:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx \
        charts/machine-learning/serving/triton-inference-server \
        -f examples/triton-server/mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx/triton_server_neuronx.yaml -n kubeflow-user-example-com


## Stop Service

To stop the service:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm uninstall triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx -n kubeflow-user-example-com

### Logs

Triton server logs are available in `/efs/home/triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx/logs` folder.

Commit message:

use neuron-scheduler with triton server

examples/triton-server/mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx/README.md, after:

# Serve Mistral 7B Instruct v0.1 using Triton Inference Server on AWS Neuron

This example shows how to serve [Mistral 7B Instruct V0.1 ](https://huggingface.co/mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.1) model using [Triton Inference Server](https://github.com/triton-inference-server) on [AWS Neuron](https://awsdocs-neuron.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/index.html) with [transformers-neuronx](https://github.com/aws-neuron/transformers-neuronx).

## Prerequisites

Before proceeding, complete the [Prerequisites](../../../README.md#prerequisites) and [Getting started](../../../README.md#getting-started). 

See [What is in the YAML file](../../../README.md#what-is-in-the-yaml-file) to understand the common fields in the Helm values files. There are some fields that are specific to a machine learning chart.

## Install Neuron Scheduler

We need to install the Neuron scheduler so that contiguous Neuron cores are assigned to the Pods. To install Neuron scheduler (you only need to do this once):

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug neuron-scheduler charts/neuron-scheduler
    
## Build and Push Docker Container

This example uses a custom Docker container for Tritonserver Neuronx. Build and push this container using following command (replace `aws-region` with your AWS Region name):

     cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
     ./containers/tritonserver-neuronx/build_tools/build_and_push.sh aws-region

## Hugging Face Mistral 7B Instruct v0.1 pre-trained model weights

To download Hugging Face Mistral 7B Instruct v0.1 pre-trained model weights, replace `YourHuggingFaceToken` with your Hugging Face token below, and execute:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx     \
        charts/machine-learning/model-prep/hf-snapshot    \
        --set-json='env=[{"name":"HF_MODEL_ID","value":"mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.1"},{"name":"HF_TOKEN","value":"YourHuggingFaceToken"}]' \
        -n kubeflow-user-example-com

Uninstall the Helm chart at completion:

    helm uninstall triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx -n kubeflow-user-example-com


## Launch Triton Server

To launch Triton server:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm install --debug triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx \
        charts/machine-learning/serving/triton-inference-server \
        -f examples/triton-server/mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx/triton_server_neuronx.yaml -n kubeflow-user-example-com


## Stop Service

To stop the service:

    cd ~/amazon-eks-machine-learning-with-terraform-and-kubeflow
    helm uninstall triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx -n kubeflow-user-example-com

### Logs

Triton server logs are available in `/efs/home/triton-server-mistral-7b-instruct-v01-tnx/logs` folder.
